README.md, before:

SAPFLUXNET data paper
================

## Reproducing figures, tables and supplement.

To run the code in this repository, one needs the following structure
within the project folder:

  - data: contains the sapfluxnet data version(s), e.g. 0.1.4.
  - maps: contains the necessary base maps
      - maps/Crowther\_Nature\_Files\_Revision\_01\_WGS84\_GeoTiff:
        contains global tree density map from Crowther in Nature

* Scripts to run once:
 -  `read_metadata.R`: reads sfn metadata, re-run only if sfn data changes
 (e.g. new version), writes cache.
 - `maps_base.R`: creates base maps for figures. Stores objects in `maps_base.RData`.
 - `datasets_length.R`: calculations for datasets periods and duration. Stores objects in `dataset_duration_data.RData`.
 
* Scripts to generate results (figures and tables)
 - `figures_draft.Rmd`: it calls other R scripts. Output: `figures_draft.docx`
 
* Scripts to generate the supplement (figures and tables)
 - `supporting.Rmd`: output: - `supporting.docx`

Commit message:

Added TODO tidy repo in readme

README.md, after:

SAPFLUXNET data paper
================

## TODO: 

Tidy code in the repo, including the uncertainty estimation.

## Reproducing figures, tables and supplement.

To run the code in this repository, one needs the following structure
within the project folder:

  - data: contains the sapfluxnet data version(s), e.g. 0.1.4.
  - maps: contains the necessary base maps
      - maps/Crowther\_Nature\_Files\_Revision\_01\_WGS84\_GeoTiff:
        contains global tree density map from Crowther in Nature

* Scripts to run once:
 -  `read_metadata.R`: reads sfn metadata, re-run only if sfn data changes
 (e.g. new version), writes cache.
 - `maps_base.R`: creates base maps for figures. Stores objects in `maps_base.RData`.
 - `datasets_length.R`: calculations for datasets periods and duration. Stores objects in `dataset_duration_data.RData`.
 
* Scripts to generate results (figures and tables)
 - `figures_draft.Rmd`: it calls other R scripts. Output: `figures_draft.docx`
 
* Scripts to generate the supplement (figures and tables)
 - `supporting.Rmd`: output: - `supporting.docx`
